Add suggestion to pause schedules prior to upgrading (#16970)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/v3/resources/upgrade-to-prefect-3.mdx

### Pydantic V2

Prefect 3.0 is built with Pydantic 2.0 for improved performance. All Prefect objects will automatically upgrade, but if you use custom Pydantic models for flow parameters or custom blocks, you'll need to ensure they are compatible with Pydantic 2.0. You can continue to use Pydantic 1.0 models in your own code if they do not interact directly with Prefect.

Refer to [Pydantic's migration guide](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/migration/) for detailed information on necessary changes.

<Warning>
We recommend pausing all deployment schedules prior to upgrading. 

> Because of differences in Pydantic datetime handling that affect the scheduler's idempotency logic, there is a small risk of the scheduler duplicating runs in its first loop.

Reviewer: If you think the extra detail is needed, feel free to disregard this simplification.

```suggestion
Because of differences in Pydantic datetime handling that affect the scheduler's idempotency logic, there is a small risk of duplicate runs.
```

Reviewer: Works for me.
